README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hello 👋, I'm Abrar Zarif</h1>
<h3 align="center">
Electrical & Electronic Engineer | ML / AI | Signal Processing | RF Sensing | Digital Health |
</h3>


<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=AbrarZarif&color=blue" alt="profile views"/>
</p>

---

### 👨‍🔬 About Me

- 🎓 Electrical & Electronic Engineering graduate (First Class)
- 📡 Research focus: **non-contact physiological sensing, Digital healthcare, **
- 🤖 Strong interest in **Machine Learning & AI for healthcare**
- 🧠 Experienced in **signal processing → ML pipelines**
- 🚀 I enjoy building **end-to-end, deployable ML systems**
- 🌍 Research & volunteering experience with **IEEE**

---

### 🔬 Research & Projects

- 🫀 **Wi-Fi CSI–based Respiration & Heart Rate Monitoring**
- 📡 **CW Doppler Radar–based Vital Sign Sensing**
- ♻️ **AI-based Smart Recycling Bin (Embedded + ML)**
- 🧠 **Heart Disease Prediction (End-to-End ML Pipeline)**

---

### 🛠️ Technical Skill Set

#### Programming & Tools
![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,matlab,c,cpp,bash,git,github)

#### Machine Learning & Data
![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=scikitlearn,tensorflow,pytorch)

- Feature engineering & selection  
- Classical ML, DL fundamentals  
- Model evaluation & deployment  
- SHAP, permutation importance  

#### Signal Processing & Sensing
- Time–frequency analysis (FFT, STFT)
- Filtering (IIR/FIR, adaptive, notch)
- PCA / ICA for artifact removal
- Wireless sensing (CSI, Radar)

#### Dev & Deployment
![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,linux)

- Dockerized ML models  
- REST APIs (FastAPI)  
- Reproducible ML pipelines  

---


### 📫 Connect With Me

- 📧 Email: abrar.zarif.abir@gmail.com
- 💼 LinkedIn: [Abrar Zarif](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abrarzarifabir/)
- 📄 ResearchGate: [Abrar Zarif] (https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Abrar-Zarif?ev=hdr_xprf)

---

<p align="center">
  <i>“Turning signals into insights, and models into impact.”</i>
</p>

Commit message:

Update filtering and PCA/ICA descriptions in README
Corrected typos and improved clarity in signal processing section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hello 👋, I'm Abrar Zarif</h1>
<h3 align="center">
Electrical & Electronic Engineer | ML / AI | Signal Processing | RF Sensing | Digital Health |
</h3>


<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=AbrarZarif&color=blue" alt="profile views"/>
</p>

---

### 👨‍🔬 About Me

- 🎓 Electrical & Electronic Engineering graduate (First Class)
- 📡 Research focus: **non-contact physiological sensing, Digital healthcare, **
- 🤖 Strong interest in **Machine Learning & AI for healthcare**
- 🧠 Experienced in **signal processing → ML pipelines**
- 🚀 I enjoy building **end-to-end, deployable ML systems**
- 🌍 Research & volunteering experience with **IEEE**

---

### 🔬 Research & Projects

- 🫀 **Wi-Fi CSI–based Respiration & Heart Rate Monitoring**
- 📡 **CW Doppler Radar–based Vital Sign Sensing**
- ♻️ **AI-based Smart Recycling Bin (Embedded + ML)**
- 🧠 **Heart Disease Prediction (End-to-End ML Pipeline)**

---

### 🛠️ Technical Skill Set

#### Programming & Tools
![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,matlab,c,cpp,bash,git,github)

#### Machine Learning & Data
![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=scikitlearn,tensorflow,pytorch)

- Feature engineering & selection  
- Classical ML, DL fundamentals  
- Model evaluation & deployment  
- SHAP, permutation importance  

#### Signal Processing & Sensing
- Time–frequency analysis (FFT, STFT)
- Filtering (IIR/FI, adaptive, notch)
- PCA and ICA for dimensionality reduction and signal separation
- Emperical Mode Decomposition family
- Wireless sensing (Wi-Fi, Radar)

#### Dev & Deployment
![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,linux)

- Dockerized ML models  
- REST APIs (FastAPI)  
- Reproducible ML pipelines  

---


### 📫 Connect With Me

- 📧 Email: abrar.zarif.abir@gmail.com
- 💼 LinkedIn: [Abrar Zarif](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abrarzarifabir/)
- 📄 ResearchGate: [Abrar Zarif] (https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Abrar-Zarif?ev=hdr_xprf)

---

<p align="center">
  <i>“Turning signals into insights, and models into impact.”</i>
</p>
